# Investigation-on-medical-appointment-records-in-Brazil
This project is an investigation of medical appointment records, it indicates whether a patient show up for an appointment or not, the dataset records information from more than 100,000 medical appointments in Brazil which include ScheduleDay, Neighboorhood, gender, age, AppointmentDay, and the kind of ailment each patient has that may prevent showing up for an appointment. The ailment are categorized into Hypertension, Diabetes, Alcoholism and Handicap. This dataset also include weather SMS was received or not and weather they are enrolled in brasilian welfare program Bolsa Familia, which has been mentioned as one factor contributing to the reduction of poverty in Brazil, The Economist described Bolsa Família as an anti-poverty scheme invented in Latin America that is winning converts worldwide.  This study aims at providing many answers to questions including, but not limited to,  The gender with the most missed appointment. Whether a particular neighboorhood is notorious for not adhering or non-challant to medical appointment. The mean age of those who missed appointments. Whether lack of scholarship 'Bolsa Familia'is a factor influencing decision of patient to meet up with an appointment. Whether a reminder in form of SMS influences a decision to keep to an appointment. The ailment that may hinder a patient from attending a medical appointment. The number of patients that did not show up for medical appointment. The number of male and female that did not show up for medical appointment. The number of patients that received an SMS. The number of male and female that received an SMS. The mean age of those who received an SMS
